docs: add navigation and chrome terms to the Elastic glossary (#6222) (#6755)
elastic/docs-content: reference/glossary/index.md

:   An open-source application that receives data from [APM agents](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-apm-agent) and sends it to {{es}}.

$$$glossary-app$$$ app

> :   A top-level {{kib}} component that is accessed through the [navigation menu](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-navigation-menu). Apps include core {{kib}} components such as Discover and Dashboard, solutions like {{observability}} and Security, and special-purpose tools like Maps and {{stack-manage-app}}.

Author: ```suggestion
:   A top-level {{kib}} feature such as Agent Builder, Discover, Dashboards, Synthetics, Workflows, and many more.
```

$$$CA$$$CA
:   Certificate authority. An entity that issues digital certificates to verify identities over a network.

$$$glossary-classic-view$$$ classic view

> :   The non-solution option in the [solution view](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-solution-view) setting in {{kib}}. The classic view surfaces all solutions in a [space](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-space) through a multi-layered [navigation menu](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-navigation-menu), instead of a navigation dedicated to a single solution. Don't use "Classic" on its own to refer to the navigation, because it's also used in Discover to refer to the Classic mode (as opposed to {{esql}} mode).

Reviewer: a little writing guidance crept in here that doesn't feel user-facing

```suggestion
:   The non-solution option in the [solution view](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-solution-view) setting in {{kib}}. The classic view surfaces all solutions in a [space](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-space) through a multi-layered [navigation menu](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-navigation-menu), instead of a navigation dedicated to a single solution.
```

$$$glossary-geojson$$$ GeoJSON
:   A format for representing geospatial data. GeoJSON is also a file-type, commonly used in the **Maps** application to upload a file of geospatial data. See [GeoJSON data](/explore-analyze/visualize/maps/indexing-geojson-data-tutorial.md).

$$$glossary-global-header$$$ global header

> :   The top bar of the {{kib}} chrome that hosts global controls, such as the global search field and the [space](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-space) switcher.

Author: ```suggestion
:   The top bar of {{kib}} that hosts global controls, such as the global search field and the [space](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-space) switcher.
```

## L [l-glos]

$$$glossary-labs$$$ labs

> :   An in-progress or experimental feature in **Canvas** or **Dashboard** that you can try out and provide feedback. When enabled, you'll see **Labs** in the [application menu](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-application-menu).

Reviewer: dangling preposition - need an "about" or "on" 

```suggestion
:   An in-progress or experimental feature in **Canvas** or **Dashboard** that you can try out and provide feedback on. When enabled, you'll see **Labs** in the [application menu](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-application-menu).
```

$$$glossary-namespace$$$ namespace
:   A user-configurable arbitrary data grouping, such as an environment (`dev`, `prod`, or `qa`), a team, or a strategic business unit.

$$$glossary-navigation-menu$$$ navigation menu

> :   The primary navigation panel on the left side of {{kib}}. Its contents and structure depend on the active [solution view](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-solution-view) in the current [space](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-space). When a top-level item expands into sub-items, those sub-items appear in the [secondary navigation](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-secondary-navigation). Not to be confused with the [sidebar](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-sidebar), which is a separate panel on the right side of {{kib}}.

Author: ```suggestion
:   The primary navigation of {{kib}}. Its contents and structure depend on the active [solution view](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-solution-view) in the current [space](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-space) or on the project type.
```

$$$glossary-shrink$$$ shrink
:   Reduces the number of [primary shards](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-primary-shard) in an index.

$$$glossary-sidebar$$$ sidebar

> :   A resizable panel on the right side of {{kib}} that hosts specific functionality, such as the {{agent-builder}} chat. Unlike a [flyout](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-flyout), which is contextual to the active app, the sidebar persists across apps.

Author: ```suggestion
:   A resizable panel on the right side of {{kib}} that hosts specific functionality, such as the {{agent-builder}} chat. Unlike a [flyout](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-flyout), which is contextual to the active app, the sidebar persists across apps when you navigate {{kib}}.
```

> :   A global, resizable panel on the right side of {{kib}} where plugins can register apps, such as the {{agent-builder}} chat. Unlike a [flyout](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-flyout), which is contextual to the active app, the sidebar persists across apps. Not to be confused with the [navigation menu](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-navigation-menu), which is the primary navigation panel on the left side of {{kib}}.

Reviewer: is plugins registering apps actually relevant to end users here?

> :   A global, resizable panel on the right side of {{kib}} where plugins can register apps, such as the {{agent-builder}} chat. Unlike a [flyout](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-flyout), which is contextual to the active app, the sidebar persists across apps. Not to be confused with the [navigation menu](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-navigation-menu), which is the primary navigation panel on the left side of {{kib}}.

Author: ```suggestion
:   A resizable panel on the right side of {{kib}} that hosts specific functionality, such as the {{agent-builder}} chat. Unlike a [flyout](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-flyout), which is contextual to the active app, the sidebar persists across apps.
```

$$$glossary-solution$$$ solution
:   In {{ecloud}}, deployments with specialized [templates](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-deployment-template) that are pre-configured with sensible defaults and settings for common use cases.

$$$glossary-solution-view$$$ solution view

> :   The per-[space](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-space) setting that controls the [navigation menu](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-navigation-menu) in {{kib}}. Possible values are Search, {{observability}}, Security, or [Classic](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-classic-view). The first three values display a navigation dedicated to that solution; Classic surfaces all solutions through a multi-layered navigation menu.

Reviewer: should we skip saying what the available solution views here? liable to be wrong soon with new solutions being baked. don't think that the impact of the view on the nav menu needs to be restated here. could edit this to "per-solution options and a classic view that xyz" 

```suggestion
:   The per-[space](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-space) setting that controls the [navigation menu](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-navigation-menu) in {{kib}}.
```

$$$glossary-workpad$$$ workpad
:   A workspace where you build presentations of your live data in [Canvas](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-canvas). See [Create a workpad](/explore-analyze/visualize/canvas.md).

$$$glossary-workspace$$$ workspace

> :   The main content area of the active [app](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-app) in {{kib}}. The workspace sits below the [application menu](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-application-menu) and is framed by the [navigation menu](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-navigation-menu) on the left and, when present, the [sidebar](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-sidebar) on the right.

Author: ```suggestion
:   The main area of the active [app](/reference/glossary/index.md#glossary-app) in {{kib}}.
```
